first draft of the introduction (#26)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/01-introduction.md

[Code of Conduct](../CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). 
Any form of behaviour to exclude, intimidate, 
or cause discomfort is a violation of the Code of Conduct. 
In order to foster a positive and professional learning environment we encourage you to:  

* Use welcoming and inclusive language
* Be respectful of different viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accept constructive criticism
* Focus on what is best for the community
* Show courtesy and respect towards other community members

If you believe someone is violating the Code of Conduct,
we ask that you report it to The Carpentries Code of Conduct Committee 
by completing [this form](https://goo.gl/forms/KoUfO53Za3apOuOK2).

::: discussion

### Today's Trainers

To begin class, each Trainer should give a brief introduction of themselves.

(For some guidelines on introducing yourself, see 
[the _Workshop Introductions_ section of the Instructor Training curriculum](https://carpentries.github.io/instructor-training/23-introductions/index.html)).
:::

Now, we would like to get to know all of you.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  challenge

## Our First Exercise (10 minutes)

> What was the best lesson you ever followed 
> (were taught in a class, read through online, read in a book)?

Author: ```suggestion
What was the best lesson you ever followed ?
This could be a lesson that was taught to you in a class, or one you read through online or in a book.
```

Reviewer: Agree ;-)
